hello with you she and
electric motor for easy and fast
Cutting can be used manual jigsaw
but if you need
fine and precise cut or curve cut
then use professional
jigsaw from the company Oleg Step 9x
Do not be confused by miniature sizes
this jigsaw depending on
used type of canvas it is easy
handle cutting steel sheet thickness
up to 8 millimeters and deer scaler up to 15
millimeters this little helper
weighing just two kilos will help
do you a great job on
an au pair and a workshop in the package
It includes 4 meter cable and shlifbumaga
dust collector for more accurate work you
can adjust the speed
It is ideal for working in
limited space technical
Characteristics of supply voltage 230
Volt Motor Power 600
volts idle speed from 1000 to
3200 rpm
cutting depth rose 8 millimeters
cutting depth of non-ferrous metals 15
millimeters depth of cut in wood 100
millimeters stock stroke
19 millimeters tilt angle of a file to 45
degrees jigsaw weight two kilograms
patented proprietary system of figs
the stack allows you to quickly replace the canvas
electronic stroke frequency adjustment
reference housing is made of resistant to
plastic drop and jigsaw
comfortable d-shaped handle soft grip and with
rubber soft inserts
this jigsaw model has three positions
pendulum course is important that the tool
has a minimum
noise and vibration also
it is possible to connect to
vacuum cleaner
steel platform moves on
towards the edges and at an angle of 45
degrees
liked the tool then call by
indicated number and it will be your
you have all the tools
fix if not then you electric motor
will help